Everyone, let's move on to the next problem.
This again.
Here we have another interesting problem already.
I mentioned to you that.
All the problems are unique in their own ways.
To hear from this problem, you'll again learn something new.
The problem statement is there are and children number one to win.
They've decided to shake your among themselves.
For each I child, I must receive between zero and eight candies, including one we have entered and
we have.
Exactly Keegan is to distribute among those and children and any child can have 0 to 8 candies.
Well, also, no candies should be leftover.
No problem finding ways for them to share candies and.
Model by number seven.
There are two reasons to be different when there exists a different number of candidates.
So the problem statement should be very clear.
We are really screwed.
Exactly.
Kagan needs to entail.
And there are constraints on all those.
All those children.
What are the constraints?
I can get at most agencies.
Not more than that.
For example, for the first example, we have three child, four candies.
Each child can get one door.
So the first children get at most one can be secondary.
You can get at most two.
Again, these in the third, you can get at most three candies where we can see that we have five different
unique possible ways and the first is only getting other zero or one candies.
That means at most one candies.
The second child is getting either zero one or two candies at most two candies, and the third child
is getting one, two or three candies in this case.
So the third to the third child in this case is not getting zero candies, right?
Because if I give zero candies to the third child, that means total going to dessert.
I can give two questions.
They can combined is three.
That's why there is no way possible to give zero candies to the third child because that is going to
be the three and the two really going to be four.
Well, so that's why I can't see any zero candies given to the Julia.
So you can see that the sum of all these values will be exactly equal to give.
It is four in this case eight.
Basically I have and slots.
I have to make some of all those and slots equal to key and the constraints are there.
Okay.
For this slot I can give the values from 0 to 8.
I'll say this Lord, I can again give the values from 0 to 8 and so on eight.
So it's a mean problem.
You get eight.
Again, this can be very easily bizarre, of course, and.
But.
Yeah.
Let's try this problem by starting.
By letting.
Understanding.
What this problem is.
Who?
Basically what?
Okay, so what?
What is the problem?
Demand.
The number of ways for the children to shake hands.
Okay, so let's say let's hit that.
Okay.
DP But.
Let's say that BP and GO has the final answer.
What does it mean that okay, for all the engineering for the first in children they'd either distribute
exit leakage and these let's see if this is our deep state aid.
And what will we try to represent?
It is what will BP and Gohmert be represented as?
It will be represented as that.
Okay I have and children and toddlers and this care and tell me the number of is distributed.
Okay.
So now let me start with the base case first.
Hey, let's let's say there's only one site.
Let's.
So okay, so let's say there's only one jail and one jail total and these are four and the first year
went to Gandhi's eight.
So I think we have an example here.
Yes.
So there's only one jail.
So we're going to need to be going at ten and.
There can be at most nine Kennedys during boom eight.
So what will they do?
Number of ways to give him Kennedy's.
It will be zero eight.
What we'll do here is we will see will have a deep state which is called the pie coma.
Okay.
Or let's debate committee and we will see it.
What is the number?
Office.
Number of fees of distributing.
The building.
J.
Kennedy's.
Who first students.
And we'll try to fill it with what is a number of ways of distributing gigantes to first aid, to first
aid students.
So, for example, in the Syrian case, we have students who are going to these are really going to
be the zero rate.
What are the number of ways of distributing zero candies to students?
It's exactly one that gave all the students zero eight no guarantees.
Emily, we have a very big.
Output have a very big input in an output.
So what we do is whenever we could, when we write code before some reading will check for this input,
then I'll be getting a correct answer or not.
Okay, so let's ignore the constraints for now.
Let's understand what the problem is trying to see here.
We have slots.
Let me take the first example, only that we have three starts with Jerusalem and went to three other
constraints.
So here we have three starts, case eight.
And in each of these sorts I can fill some numbers and I want to do some to be looking.
Okay, let's talk about the first.
Number here, right?
So in the first position that we are in and so what are the number of ways of distributing?
Let's see.
Okay.
So let me table only this one book.
There.
Let's quickly make a table.
So of course they will start from zero based indexing.
So it's made from zero based indexing only.
So here we have keys, and here we have ice.
Well, what is case that?
Okay, I have these mannequin able to distribute them.
Tell me, what are the.
Let's find the first rule eight.
But what are the total number of.
Okay, so if I give zero candies to zero students, there are no students or can I give them zero candies?
Yes.
That means it's an empty set.
Right?
So, yes, I can give them.
Yeah.
That means I can give them zero guarantees because there are no students possible for the total number
of reasons.
For one particular number of ways of giving one candidate, one student.
You know, I cannot give, I cannot give, I cannot give.
I cannot give.
So why are we getting one over here?
This is that case.
When we have an empty implicit eight that there is nothing in there to the total number of guarantees
is zero.
Well, now let's fill in the Fosters.
So let me right their values, also the continuing values that they have.
But what if I feel so what I'm talking what I'm talking what they said, which is one comment, zero
said, what does it mean?
They distribute zero candies to 4 to 1 student aid.
What I used to say to the first one students, how can I distribute and zero?
And these are the first one.
Students by simply giving him the zero guarantees.
Eight If I simply give him the zero guarantees, what does this mean?
That there's one way possible that is, namely, give him zero guarantees.
Okay, let me try to do it.
Give zero guarantees to one and.
The civil restoration of the guarantees to the other group.
Basically, here we live one.
How I am.
Okay.
So I am.
How am I getting this one case?
I'm getting this one from this particular location because I'm if I'm if I want to distribute zero candies
to first one students.
Right.
So that means I can give him zero candies.
And what are the risks for the remaining and is it.
I have zero.
I wanted to give I gave him zero zero remaining guarantees now give remaining zero remaining and this
to the previous students and with just zero zero data base case.
Okay, let's move one step ahead and then you'll get this thing.
It's move one step, just one step.
But let's say I want to give one candy to one of the first one students.
Right.
Then there are these many of my students.
Just give the, uh, just give one candy to these of the students.
So what what are the possible ways to distributing it, guys?
That means.
And then I can give zero guarantee to the student.
And then how many unis are left?
I need to give one.
I've given zero guarantees for the first student.
And now how many candies are there to be given to?
One can relate.
So I'll give one candy to the remaining students.
So, of course, there are no remaining students to give one candidate their remaining students.
This is one way.
What is the security that Gibbon can deduce of a student?
And how many do you mean?
Again, these are their idea.
I really want you to give total one candy.
I've given that one candy to the first student and now distribute the zero remaining candies to the
zeroth student from the is really good.
Is that.
Yes.
If I give one candidate for a student and zero zero student, that means I'm talking about this transition.
It'll get given to him and distribute the rest among zero students or give zero to him.
That means give zero candies to him and distribute the rest to the other students.
That means distribute the rest one candy to the other students that is zero comma, one date and the
number of years of distributing one candy 2007 days zero.
So from here what will get is we'll get a zero in this case.
And in this case, we'll get a18.
We will simply market one.
So why am I making it one?
Why are the total number of ways of giving one candy to one student equal to one?
Because there's only one way that I give him one.
They can't be this way that I'm giving him zero and I'm giving one candy to no student.
Not possible.
Okay, then let's move one step ahead that will make things more clear for you.
Now, let's talk about this particular location, this particular cell.
What does this cell represent that I'm giving two candies to?
Just one students.
So what are the number of ways that I can give zero candies to this student?
I can give one candies to the student or.
I cannot I guess I can also give you again this to the question eight.
But can I give two guarantees to the first one and no?
Why?
Because first one can be at most given one candies.
I hope this part is very clear in the first and can be given at most one candies.
So I will not consider this third transition eight feet.
The total daisy was to do that.
Okay.
You have to distribute two candies to him.
But I cannot distribute again this to him.
I cannot distribute two candies to the first guy.
Of course I can distribute two candies to the first, i.e. students.
But I'm not giving.
Exactly the number of guarantees he goes through to to the to the for student aid.
Basically what I have is if I'm giving him zero guarantees, that simply means.
Okay, tell me.
Okay.
It should be one comma to not to comma.
One will confuse you.
If I'm giving him zero guarantees, it simply means okay.
Distribute the remaining candies to.
If I am giving him zero candies, then there are only two candies remaining.
Distribute the remaining and these to the students.
Or if I'm giving him one candy, that means distribute the remaining candies to the other students and
there are no other possible ways.
So what does this mean?
Zero.
Why am I getting a zero over here?
Because this will give me zero.
And this will also me zero, because zero two is zero and zero going on.
When this also zero eight, it means I cannot give those candies to those number of students.
So he'll be zero.
Similarly, guys here will also be zero.
That means give three guarantees to first ICE students.
So I is one here.
So one commentary that means I can give zero going to the for student or I can give one candy to the
student.
I cannot give two or three number of guarantees to the first student.
If I give zero guarantees to the first student, that means.
Distribute three candies to zero minus a distribute.
Again, these two West zero students.
Not possible because it's zero.
And otherwise, if I'm giving him one candy, because that's his constraint limit.
If I'm giving him one candy, the first student, that means distribute candies to the four zero students.
They were given and given.
Anyone can do that is also zero.
So if both of them are zero, that means.
Where the sun will be zero similarly zero for you.
Well, let's talk about the second location, guys.
Let's talk about the second row.
Okay.
So now I want to distribute zero guarantees among first to students.
If I want to distribute zero candies among first to his students, what does this mean that give zero
candies to the second student?
Right now we're talk about the second student rate.
Give zero guarantees for the second student and distribute the remaining candies, which will be zero
to the five students.
Otherwise, what I can do is can I give one?
Can you do this again?
Student No, because this one will exceed G.
That means this will exceed the j value that I'm going to fail the total number of candies that I'm
going to fill.
So here are two things that we need to consider.
What are the two things that we need to consider that?
I cannot give the number of candles.
That means, let's say the number of candles given to some student is double key.
This double key should not should be less than equal to J, first of all.
Also, this should be less than equal to E.
Because these are the number of guarantees that I'm giving to the current student.
So if I can, I give him one guarantee because I cannot give him because I only have zero guarantees.
I cannot give him one candy.
Here we want to go in this transition from this transitional grade, one Y, because one comma zero
is one.
That means I can distribute zero guarantees to all of first one students in one number of is good.
Now let's talk about this location but just to Goma one.
So in Tacoma one, what we have is distribute one candy among first students.
What are the number of ways of giving candies to the second student?
Second student I can give zero candy.
Then I can say, okay, distribute one candies to the remaining one students.
Give us a constraint.
One can be, as I can give him one guarantee because he's limiting ups to give him one candy and.
Distribute the remaining candies, which are zero candies remaining because I had to I had to deliver
one candy.
I given that one can do the same instrument and now I have zero organism meaning.
Right.
So distribute the remaining candies to the student.
So what I have is 111 common one is also one and one common zero is also one.
So basically I have two ways of filling this now.
Eight.
Basically vice on my one two.
Because he has two ways of filling this.
That means adder.
Okay.
Let me show you what is and that'll give the second student zero candy and give mustard into one candy
or give the the second student one candy and the student zero candy.
The total number of bays is equal to.
One eight the total number of bays is equal to.
So the total Kennedy's is equal to a night.
And I know we are just iterating over the second player.
Then how many units can we run to the second beer?
Similarly, guys, this position can be filled that is too small to which can be filled by either giving
zero candies to the second player, one going to the second player, two candies to the second player
five because now this two is also less than the value that we are filling and also less than eight,
which is two for it.
Let's write a brute force solution and just fill the table instead of filling it manually by hand.
Let's let the code do this particular job of filling the table.
Eight.
So let me take.
And in key.
I'm going to have to take help of the cold in.
Like.
Finding further answers.
Eight.
So let me input this.
I will start from one because I'm taking everything one with indexing so that we don't get confused.
Eight.
I'm taking the values and.
Let's dig the --, which will be endless fun.
He one.
Mm.
Search deep coma.
Zero coma sites of.
BP.
Eight.
And because I've just made everything zero.
No problem with that.
So what we had is the biscuits that we had, that 008 equals two.
But because if I want to distribute 020 guarantees to none of these children, then it is possible because
I don't have candies to distribute.
Zero zero is one.
There's the biscuits.
Now let's write a brute force solution.
And then we'll see that violent brute force like.
Let's start.
I from one.
Let's go, Dillon, and let's start to the values that we are going to fill from zero.
And this day should go down because what each of you have to feel all the values of all the columns.
Now, guys, I want to feel deep idea, right?
What this debate did.
It presents UPI did a random adobe distributing jig, and this was the first student for the current
student for the I student.
I'm giving him the values that okay if I give.
So basically let me do it also.
Then it becomes more clear.
The DP icon Maggi.
Eight.
So.
What are the transitions possible?
And that I give them zero and then I give diet giant zero candies.
That means a B minus one G eight that give diarrhea and destroy a man in the street.
Or I give him one candy.
It is zero.
I minus one j minus one.
When I give him two candies, then it is a, b, i minus one, g minus two.
Why I give him three candies.
Then it is BP I minus one J minus three, then distribute these many days to these many students and
so on.
And how many guarantees can I give to anybody?
A student?
Okay.
It should not be Max.
It should be minimum.
It should be minimum off.
And then that is the limit of giving him or.
The devil.
That means all of these many needs to be distributed.
It will be a minus one day, minus whatever this value is.
Eight.
So basically, guys, we have to decommission all these values because all of them are different ways,
because I'm giving either zero or one or two.
So all of them are different ways, right?
Because.
Of the last statement to the last admission was the two with us are different when they exist.
A child receives a different number of candies.
So I'm giving different number of candies to the U.S..
Okay.
So all of these all of these ways are different.
I simply add them.
Well.
So let's go.
This.
So let's take of a legal double.
What is the Bulgarian?
It is as if I'm giving zero or one or two whatever guarantee I'm trying to give to the current child.
So they should be minimum of the day or day that I'm going to relate to.
What will be the value?
DPA plus equals to DPA minus one day.
Minus what we got.
Yeah I minus one day minus whatever the values of.
Well.
So right now I'm not taking more than an alternate.
So reading your time, just trying to fill up a table by based on.
The brute force solution.
Right.
And now let's bring the table, guys.
It's bring the whole table.
You've said time.
Not.
And it should be okay.
Right.
So this is the table that we were trying to fill here.
So the first row is 100.
Great.
When Miranda agreed, we had one too.
And then the second step also what will get.
Here.
We'll get two and one and zero and then we'll get one, three, five, six, five.
But how are we getting all this?
Because.
Divided.
It presents a number of ways of distributing data and is true for states children's food and distributing
some number of candies to the current student, which is this so it can be gives zero guarantees to
the current student or give one candy or give to candy.
Such that this costume.
This.
Considered.
It is one felt that I can give at most other air conditioning or if air is greater than J, then I can
only give the number of hands to him.
I don't want J minus W to be negative eight.
So this was the brute for solution eight.
So if I submitted it on that kudo, will it work?
Let's take the constants.
Isn't it standard the buffet here I have 110 to devour five.
Of dimensions of the brain.
Let's talk about this.
What is the total down time complex?
And it is taking the space complex.
It is 125 is going to do the ball with seven and that's good.
Not bad.
Eight but.
What about tango?
Let's talk about this or hear.
What I have is I have an roski.
Ross.
The right way, jingoistic in the worst case, or is also less than equal to it.
So basically it is.
And in the Kentucky.
Late because this double game is a loop.
It will start from zero.
It will either go it will go to the ending.
The worst case can go to.
Eight days.
Or it can go to any icon also will do.
Okay.
So in the worst case.
This bulky look can also go delegating.
So it is an endgame book and is a great case to end the buffet.
So it is and in the case quite a solution.
NQ Square vision artwork.
Right.
Because cased ended about five and then it will go to ten to the power 12 eight.
NATO and the US solution will never work.
So we need to optimize it, right?
So to optimize it.
What we'll do is we'll see a special thing that.
We'll just note one very special thing, and it's not that special.
I hope you all know what terrific sums ain't waterproof victims.
It is the sum of UST and comes so perfect off and is for us.
Some of us.
And so it is all again the anime programming prefix calculation that the fixed in I is equal to e less
prefix still I minus one eight.
But we can easily find a prefix using this approach.
You all have must have done that.
It's not go to the that part.
So here what we can see is that.
Yes.
We need.
What we need is we need some of conjugative subsidies of the previous rule.
That is a minus one g, i.e. minus one g, minus one minus one, minus two elements one do minus three
and so on.
What example?
For example, for this particular six, let's let me raise this eight so far, this particular location
that is economic three what are the total sums that I want and that I can give him?
Zero That means I want this and then I can give him one.
That means I want this, I can give him two.
I want this or I can give him three.
I want this.
So.
Late.
So here we can see that we have some of Hong Kong.
I'm a continuous.
Deep values are already filled.
That is.
I mean, this one is for the previous room.
Let's not worry about it.
There it is.
J j minus one.
J minus two.
J minus three.
And so on.
Until this constant is.
A welfare state.
But basically what we have is let's say let's talk about this last sentence.
Triggerman for what?
Triggerman for guys, what we get, what we can do it.
And I can give him zero one, two or three, right?
If I give him zero, I want this.
If I give him one, I want this some.
Two, three.
I cannot give him forward because the concern does.
Because eyes to the eye can only give them till three.
I cannot give him four so I don't need to go zero value you will take on my foot.
I just want the sum of these consecutive.
And I want this this to what is this?
I mean, this fight.
That's why I'm getting 5 to 8.
So that's why the total onset of the coma for that means distributing four guarantees to first three
students by eight.
So that's our final answer.
That's what we are getting you.
But instead of applying this for a loop, what we'll do is we'll simply apply.
But if victims will simply take terrific sums of the above through, will have the above Roe and will
take the prefix home and will include the sum that we want in the violence and that much we want.
So let's do this in the next part.